com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/Filter/FilterActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.Filter.FilterActivity
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/MedicationEntity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.MedicationEntity
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotificationRelay/IgnoreReceiver.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.IgnoreReceiver
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotificationRelay/OutOfAppNotifications.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.OutOfAppNotifications
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInterface/InfoInput.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInterface.InfoInput
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInterface.InfoInput$Appointment
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInterface.InfoInput$Doctor
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInterface.InfoInput$Medication
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SettingsActivity
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SettingsActivity$3
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.BuildConfig
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInputHandler/MedicationInputHandler.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.MedicationInputHandler
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.MedicationInputHandler$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.MedicationInputHandler$2
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/MedViewActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MedViewActivity
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MedViewActivity$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MedViewActivity$2
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MedViewActivity$3
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/DataAccessObject.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DataAccessObject
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInputHandler/AppointmentInputHandler.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.AppointmentInputHandler
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQliteDBMainActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQliteDBMainActivity
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/MainViewModel.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.MainViewModel
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotificationRelay/NotificationPublisher.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.NotificationPublisher
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/CreditsActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.CreditsActivity
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.CreditsActivity$1
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotifRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotifRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotifRecyclerAdapter$NotifViewHolder
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/AppDatabase.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.AppDatabase
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.AppDatabase$1
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInputHandler/InputHandler.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.InputHandler
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotificationRelay/InAppNotification.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.InAppNotification
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/InfoInputActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity$2
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity$3
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity$4
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity$5
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity$6
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoInputActivity$7
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/FDADatabaseHandler/DataBaseHandler.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.FDADatabaseHandler.DataBaseHandler
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.FDADatabaseHandler.DataBaseHandler$SearchParameters
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInterface/ItemDeletion.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInterface.ItemDeletion
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/ReminderEntity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.ReminderEntity
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/MainActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MainActivity
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MainActivity$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MainActivity$2
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.MainActivity$3
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotificationRelay/Notifications.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.Notifications
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.Notifications$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.Notifications$2
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInputHandler/InputWrapper.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.InputWrapper
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.InputWrapper$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.InputWrapper$2
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.InputWrapper$InputType
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/InfoRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoRecyclerAdapter$InfoViewHolder
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoRecyclerAdapter$OnItemListener
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/InfoViewActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoViewActivity
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoViewActivity$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoViewActivity$2
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoViewActivity$3
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.InfoViewActivity$4
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotificationRelay/AcknowledgeReceiver.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationRelay.AcknowledgeReceiver
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/AppointmentEntity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.AppointmentEntity
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/DeletionDialog.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.DeletionDialog
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.DeletionDialog$1
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.DeletionDialog$2
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInputHandler/CalenderEventCreator.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.CalenderEventCreator
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/DoctorEntity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DoctorEntity
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInterface/EventHandler.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInterface.EventHandler
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInterface/AuthRequestHandler.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInterface.AuthRequestHandler
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/SQLiteDB/DatabaseRepository.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncAddReminderID
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteAllApptReminders
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteAllMedReminders
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteAllMeds
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteAllReminders
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteMedByName
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteMedication
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteReminder
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncDeleteReminderById
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncInsertMedAndReminder
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncInsertMedication
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncInsertReminder
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncReminderUpdateDateTime
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.SQLiteDB.DatabaseRepository$AsyncUpdateAcknowledgement
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/NotificationActivity.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationActivity
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.NotificationActivity$1
com/example/medication_reminder_android_app/UserInputHandler/DoctorInputHandler.java
 com.example.medication_reminder_android_app.UserInputHandler.DoctorInputHandler
